# Ag RESTful API Documentation Specification

### Version 1.0

### Data Types

Name|Type|Format|Description
:--|:--|:--:|:--
integer|number|int32|
long|number|int64|
float|number|float|
double|number|double|
string|string|string|
boolean|boolean|boolean|
date|string|date|
datetime|string|datetime|
time|string|time|
password|string|password|

### Schema Object

Field|Type|Description
:--|:--:|:--
version|string|Required.The version of Ag
info|Information Object|Required.Provides metadata about the API. The metadata can be used by the clients if needed.
schemes|[]string|Required.The transfer protocol of the API. Values MUST be from the list: "http", "https", "ws", "wss". 
host|string|The host (name or ip) serving the API
basePath|string|The base path on which the API is served, which is relative to the host. If it is not included, the API is served directly under the host. The value MUST start with a leading slash (/).
consumers|[]string|
produces|[]string|
apis|map[string]Operation Object|the http method is the key of the map

### Information Object

Field|Type|Description
:--|:--:|:--
title|string|Required.The title of Ag API
description|string|A short description of the API
contact|Contact Object|The contact information for the exposed API.

### Contact Object

Field|Type|Description
:--|:--:|:--
name|string|The identifying name of the contact person/organization.
url|string|The URL pointing to the contact information. MUST be in the format of a URL.
email|string|The email address of the contact person/organization. MUST be in the format of an email address.

### Operation Object

Field|Type|Description
:--|:--:|:--
summary|string|
description|string|
parameters|[]Parameter Object|
responses|[]Response Object|
deprecated|boolean|Declares this operation to be deprecated. Usage of the declared operation should be refrained. Default value is false.

### Parameter Object

Field|Type|Description
:--|:--:|:--
name|string|Required.The name of the parameter.
in|string|Required.The location of the parameter. Possible values are "query", "header", "path", "formData" or "body".
required|boolean|
description|string|
type|string|Required.The type of the parameter.The value MUST be one of "string", "number", "integer", "boolean", "object", "array" or "file". If type is "file", the consumes MUST be either "multipart/form-data" or " application/x-www-form-urlencoded" and the parameter MUST be in "formData".
objectParameters|Parameter Object|Required if type is "object".
arrayParameters|[]Parameter Object|Required if type is "array".
format|string|The extending format for the previously mentioned type. See Data Type Formats for further details.
allowEmptyValue|boolean|Sets the ability to pass empty-valued parameters. This is valid only for either query or formData parameters and allows you to send a parameter with a name only or an empty value. Default value is false.
default|*|this value MUST conform to the defined type for this parameter.
ValueRange|string|the max and min value of the field value
LengthRange|string|the max and min length of the field value
Pattern|string|the pattern of the filed value

### Response Object

Field|Type|Description
:--|:--:|:--
code|integer|Required.The code of the response.
reason|string|The reason of the response.
description|string|Required. A short description of the response.
headers|[]Header Object|A list of headers that are sent with the response.
contentType|string|the content type of the response
objectContent|Property Object|the object content of the response
arrayContent|[]Property Object|the array content of the response
examples|[]Example Object|Some examples of the response message.

### Header Object

Field|Type|Description
:--|:--:|:--
key|string|Required.The key of the header.
description|string|A short description of the header.
type|string|Required. The type of the header. The value MUST be one of "string", "number", "integer" or "boolean".
format|string|

### Property Object

Field|Type|Description
:--|:--:|:--
name|string|The name of the property.
description|string|A short description of the property.
type|string|The type of the property. The value MUST be one of "string", "number", "integer" or "boolean".
format|string|

### Example Object

Field|Type|Description
:--|:--:|:--
mimetype|string|Required.The mimetype of the example response.
content|Any|The content of the example response.
